Hi, I'm a case and I'm addicted to sushi
hi i am miwa and i am addicted to
fortune cookies
putting today's theme will be of the
tacos a lot of people say so to the
otakus in mockery mode even though I
I mean the subnormal otakus with
this term and as we always have them
several examples and good the first
example is from before and now
hello very much, my name is not me
I really like it so you can tell me
perhaps
now good
I take me but damaged so
be careful with me
Hi, I'm Victor, but you can tell me
the same with pleasure
now I am a being of darkness a
spirit that wanders alone at night
and we have witnessed it
forgive me I have not seen you care
I just called fat
and I know that in anime there are many
nice love stories but please
do not try to make it happen in your daily life
Please you wanted to see me
I
this
for my feelings
feelings of what you are talking about and why
you scream
my god why people believe that we
let's die virgins since boy was
super cute very kind attentive sounds good
kind
because rejections of note that
I can not with this pain
too much in charge for me because I had
that be me
missed my pride again to my
call
and well that's all for today if you liked it
the video please give us a like and
please bring fanaticism with
moderation
See you in the next video
as there is no less there is a niche